Add in-place SSL certs hot reload documentation (#9103)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/configuration/tls.md

## Hot reloading TLS certificates

> Updating expired or nearly expired TLS certificates on the HTTP and transport layers does not require restarting the cluster. Instead, you can enable hot reloading of TLS certificates. When enabled, in-place hot reloading monitors your keystore resources for updates every five seconds. If you add or modify a certificate, key file, or keystore setting in the Opensearch `config` directory, the nodes in the cluster detect the changes and automatically reloads the keys and certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating expired or nearly expired TLS certificates on the HTTP and transport layers does not require restarting the cluster. Instead, you can enable hot reloading of TLS certificates. When enabled, in-place hot reloading monitors your keystore resources for updates every 5 seconds. If you add or modify a certificate, key file, or keystore setting in the Opensearch `config` directory, the nodes in the cluster detect the change and automatically reload the keys and certificates.
```

To enable in-place hot reloading, add the following line to `opensearch.yml`:

```yml
plugins.security.ssl.certificates_hot_reload.enabled: true
```
{% include copy.html %}

### Using the Reload Certificates API

> When not using hot reloading, you can use the Reload Certificates API to re-read the replaced certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When not using hot reloading, you can use the Reload Certificates API to reread the replaced certificates.
```

> When not using hot reloading, you can use the Reload Certificates API to read the new certificates and replace them in-memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When not using hot reloading, you can use the Reload Certificates API to re-read the replaced certificates.
```

> When not using hot reloading, when replacing certificates in the OpenSearch `config` directory, you can use the Reload Certificates API to read the new certificates and replace them in-memory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When not using hot reloading, you can use the Reload Certificates API to read the new certificates and replace them in-memory.
```

> To enable the Reload Certificates API, add the following line to `opensearch.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the Reload Certificates API, add the following line to `opensearch.yml`:
```

## Hot reloading TLS certificates

> Updating expired or nearly expired TLS certificates on the HTTP and transport layers does not require restarting the cluster. Instead, you can enable hot reloading of TLS cerificates using one of the following methods:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Updating expired or nearly expired TLS certificates on the HTTP and transport layers does not require restarting the cluster. Instead, you can enable hot reloading of TLS certificates using one of the following methods:
```

> - [Enabling the in-place hot reload setting](#enabling-the-in-place-hot-setting)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Enabling the in-place hot reload setting](#enabling-the-in-place-hot-reload-setting)
```

- Using the [Reload Certificates API](#using-the-reload-certificates-api)

> If you use PEM files to manage certificates, your certificate and keys are stored in seperate files. Therefore, we recommend using rolling updates when updating hot reload settings to prevent authentication issues.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you use PEM files to manage certificates, your certificate and keys are stored in separate files. Therefore, we recommend using rolling updates when updating hot reload settings to prevent authentication issues.
```

{: .warning}

### Enabling the in-place hot reload setting

When enabled, in-place hot reloading monitors your keystore resources for updates every five seconds. If you add or modify a certificate, key file, or keystore setting in the Opensearch `config` directory, the nodes in the cluster detects the changes and reloads the keys and certificates.

To enable in-place hot reloading, add the following line to `opensearch.yml`:

```yml
plugins.security.ssl.certificates_hot_reload.enabled: true
```
{% include copy.html %}

### Using the Reload Certificates API

> Add the following to enable hot reloading using the Reload Certificates API:

Reviewer 2: Can we link to the Reload Certificates API documentation?

Reviewer 3: @cwperks: Documentation doesn't exist for this API beyond what's on this page, https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/configuration/tls/#hot-reloading-tls-certificates. I made an issue to track progress on creating that page. https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/issues/9147

> Add the following to enable hot reloading using the Reload Certificates API:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Add the following to enable reloading using the Reload Certificates API:
```

```yml
plugins.security.ssl_cert_reload_enabled: true
```
{% include copy.html %}

This setting is `false` by default.
{: .note }

> After enabling hot reloading, use the Reload Certificates API to replace the expired certificates. The new certificates need to be stored in the same location as the previous certificates in order to prevent any changes to the `opensearch.yml` file. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After enabling reloading, use the Reload Certificates API to replace the expired certificates. The new certificates need to be stored in the same location as the previous certificates in order to prevent any changes to the `opensearch.yml` file. 
```

I think we should only use the term `hot reloading` for the new setting being introduced. It looks like its being used in both scenarios which can cause confusion.

Only a [superadmin]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/configuration/tls/#configuring-admin-certificates) can use the Reload Certificates API.
{: .note }

#### Reload TLS certificates on the transport layer

>  The following command reloads TLS certificates on the transport layer with the Reload Certificates API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The following command reloads TLS certificates on the transport layer using the Reload Certificates API:
```

  
```json
curl --cacert <ca.pem> --cert <admin.pem> --key <admin.key> -XPUT https://localhost:9200/_plugins/_security/api/ssl/transport/reloadcerts
```

> {% include copy.html %}

Reviewer: Should this have a copy as cURL button?

You should receive the following response:

```
{ "message": "successfully updated transport certs"}
```

#### Reload TLS certificates on the HTTP layer

> The following command reloads TLS certificates on the HTTP layer with the Reload Certificates API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command reloads TLS certificates on the HTTP layer using the Reload Certificates API:
```

```json
curl --cacert <ca.pem> --cert <admin.pem> --key <admin.key> -XPUT https://localhost:9200/_plugins/_security/api/ssl/http/reloadcerts
```

> {% include copy.html %}

Reviewer: Should this have a copy as cURL button?
